---
page_title: "nebius_capacity_v1_capacity_allowance Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or one of additional getters.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Additional Getters
  To retrieve by one of additional getters, fill in one of these fields: by_parent_and_capacity_block_group, leaving other fields unset.
  
  data ... {
      getter_name = {
          ...
  	 }
  }
  
  see the schema for more details on each field.
  Resource that restricts Capacity Block Group quota by project.
---

# nebius_capacity_v1_capacity_allowance Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or one of additional getters.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Additional Getters

To retrieve by one of additional getters, fill in one of these fields: by_parent_and_capacity_block_group, leaving other fields unset.

```hcl
data ... {
    getter_name = {
        ...
	 }
}
```

see the schema for more details on each field.



Resource that restricts Capacity Block Group quota by project.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `by_parent_and_capacity_block_group` (Attributes) :

   Gets a Capacity Allowance by a project and a Capacity Block Group NID.
   Returns non-created Capacity Allowances as well for clarity, showing the default limit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--by_parent_and_capacity_block_group))
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.

### Read-Only

- `capacity_block_group_id` (String) Capacity Block Group NID.
- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSôÝHH:MM`
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the resource.
- `limit` (Number) :

   Total amount of resources allocated.
   Optional is used to define an unlimited Capacity Allowance.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   Standard metadata. parent_id is the User's Project NID.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) :

   Current status of the Capacity Allowance.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Capacity Allowance status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSôÝHH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--by_parent_and_capacity_block_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `by_parent_and_capacity_block_group`

Required:

- `capacity_block_group_id` (String) ID of a Capacity Block Group to get capacity allowance for.
- `parent_id` (String) ID of the Project to get capacity allowance for.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `reconciling` (Boolean) Shows that changes are in flight.
- `state` (String) :

   Current state of the capacity allowance.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `STATE_PROVISIONING` - Capacity Allowance is being allocated; the process can take up to several minutes.
   - `STATE_ACTIVE` - Capacity Allowance is allocated and can be used.
   - `STATE_CONTAINER_DELETED` - The container of the Capacity Allowance is deleted. Capacity Allowance cannot be changed.
- `unit` (String) :

   Capacity Allowance unit.
   Example: "GPU".
- `usage` (Number) Current capacity allowance usage.
- `usage_percentage` (String) Capacity allowance usage percentage.
- `usage_state` (String) :

   Current state of the capacity allowance usage.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `USAGE_STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `USAGE_STATE_USED` - Capacity allowance is actively in use.
   - `USAGE_STATE_NOT_USED` - Capacity allowance is not currently in use.
   - `USAGE_STATE_UNKNOWN`:
      Capacity allowance region is unreachable, the current usage is therefore unknown.
      Please, retry the request later.
