---
page_title: "nebius_compute_v1_image Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
---

# nebius_compute_v1_image Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `cpu_architecture` (String) :

   CPU architecture supported by the image
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `AMD64`
   - `ARM64`
- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `description` (String)
- `image_family` (String)
- `image_family_human_readable` (String) human readable name for image family
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `recommended_platforms` (List of String) list of platforms where this image is recommended to use
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `source_disk_id` (String) ID of the disk to create the image from
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `unsupported_platforms` (Map of String) list of platforms where this image is not supported with explanation
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `version` (String) part of identifier into the image family

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `image_family_deprecation` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Impossible create a disk using image family after the deprecation time, but still possible to create disk using image id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--image_family_deprecation))
- `min_disk_size_bytes` (Number)
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Indicates whether there is an ongoing operation
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `CREATING`
   - `READY`
   - `UPDATING`
   - `DELETING`
   - `ERROR`
- `state_description` (String)
- `storage_size_bytes` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--status--image_family_deprecation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.image_family_deprecation`

Read-Only:

- `deprecated_at` (String) A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `message` (String)
