---
page_title: "nebius_compute_v1_disk Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
---

# nebius_compute_v1_disk Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `block_size_bytes` (Number) :

   Block size in bytes.
   The block size must be a power of two between 4096 bytes (4 KiB) and 131072 bytes (128 KiB).
   The default value is 4096 bytes (4 KiB).
- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `disk_encryption` (Attributes) Defines how data on the disk is encrypted. By default, no encryption is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk_encryption))
- `forbid_deletion` (Boolean) Prevents deletion whilst set
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `size_bytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_kibibytes, size_mebibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `size_gibibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_kibibytes or size_mebibytes.*
- `size_kibibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_mebibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `size_mebibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_kibibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `source_image_family` (Attributes) *Cannot be set alongside source_image_id.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_image_family))
- `source_image_id` (String) *Cannot be set alongside source_image_family.*
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `type` (String) :

   The type of disk defines the performance and reliability characteristics of the block device.
   For details, see https://docs.nebius.com/compute/storage/types#disks-types
   
   #### Supported values
   
   the list of available types will be clarified later, it is not final version
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `NETWORK_SSD`
   - `NETWORK_HDD`
   - `NETWORK_SSD_NON_REPLICATED`
   - `NETWORK_SSD_IO_M3`
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--disk_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_encryption`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `DISK_ENCRYPTION_UNSPECIFIED` - No encryption is applied unless explicitly specified.
   - `DISK_ENCRYPTION_MANAGED`:
      Enables encryption using the platform's default root key from KMS.
      Available for disks with NETWORK_SSD_NON_REPLICATED and NETWORK_SSD_IO_M3 types only.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--source_image_family"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_image_family`

Read-Only:

- `image_family` (String)
- `parent_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `block_size_bytes` (Number)
- `lock_state` (Attributes) Indicates resources that prevent the disk from being attached as read-write. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--lock_state))
- `read_only_attachments` (List of String)
- `read_write_attachment` (String) :

   Current read-write owner (instance ID).
   May refer to an instance in any state, including stopped
   (this semantics is preserved for backward compatibility).
   Reassigned on disk detach, instance deletion, or ownership transfer.
   Ownership transfer occurs when this disk is explicitly attached to another instance
   or when a VM with this disk attached starts while the current owner is stopped.
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Indicates whether there is an ongoing operation
- `size_bytes` (Number)
- `source_image_cpu_architecture` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `SOURCE_IMAGE_CPU_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `AMD64`
   - `ARM64`
- `source_image_id` (String)
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `CREATING`
   - `READY`
   - `UPDATING`
   - `DELETING`
   - `ERROR` - Indicates that error happened during disk creation, and the disk cannot be recovered.
   - `BROKEN` - Indicates that an error has occurred during the disk's life cycle, and the disk is broken or unhealthy, but can still be recovered.
- `state_description` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--status--lock_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.lock_state`

Read-Only:

- `images` (List of String) :

   Disk is locked for deletion and for read-write operations while image is being created.
   Here is the list of these images.
