---
page_title: "nebius_compute_v1_disk_snapshot Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
  
  DiskSnapshot resource
---

# nebius_compute_v1_disk_snapshot Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```


DiskSnapshot resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSôÝHH:MM`
- `description` (String) Arbitrary information about this snapshot provided by user.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `source_disk_id` (String) Identifier of the source disk. May become stale if the disk is deleted.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSôÝHH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `content_size_bytes` (Number) :

   Logical size of the snapshot content.
   This is the size of a disk that would be created from this snapshot.
- `lock_state` (Attributes) Indicates which resources prevent the disk snapshot from being deleted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--lock_state))
- `source_cpu_architecture` (String) :

   CPU architecture associated with the source disk.
   Not set if the architecture is unknown.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Right now UNDEFINED is an alias for AMD64, but that might change in the future
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNDEFINED`
   - `AMD64`
   - `ARM64`
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   All possible states for DiskSnapshot resource
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `CREATING`
   - `READY`
   - `DELETING`
   - `ERROR`
- `storage_size_bytes` (Number) :

   Physical storage used by this snapshot in the snapshot backend.
   This value is used for billing and quota and may change over time as the snapshot chain evolves
   (e.g., when earlier snapshots are deleted and data gets re-attributed).
   Currently is equal to content_size_bytes, as incremental snapshots are not supported yet.

<a id="nestedatt--status--lock_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.lock_state`

Read-Only:

- `disks` (List of String) :

   The snapshot is locked for deletion while disk is being created from this snapshot.
   Here is the list of these disks.
