---
page_title: "nebius_dns_v1_record Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
  
  API Resource: DNS Resource Record (RR), an information entry about a specific domain
  Each record is contained within a DNS zone, which is a container for DNS data of a specific domain, and, possibly, its subdomains
  DNS zones are represented in this API by the Zone API Resource which is managed by the ZoneService
---

# nebius_dns_v1_record Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```


API Resource: DNS *Resource Record* (RR), an information entry about a specific domain

Each record is contained within a DNS zone, which is a container for DNS data of a specific domain, and, possibly, its subdomains
DNS zones are represented in this API by the `Zone` API Resource which is managed by the `ZoneService`



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `data` (String) :

   Record data in text format
   
   This should be the RDATA part of this Resource Record's
   [presentation (zonefile) format](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9499#name-resource-records).
   E.g., `10 xyz.tuv` for a `@ 600 IN MX 10 xyz.tuv.` resource record in a zonefile
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) :

   Mark this record as delete-protected
   Delete-protected records can *only* be deleted by explicitly calling `RecordService/Delete` API with `force` flag set to `true`
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   DNS record metadata
   `metadata.parent_id` must be a DNS zone ID
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `relative_name` (String) :

   Zone-relative name of this record (e.g., `www` for `www.<parent zone's domain name>`)
   Use `@` for records in zone apex (that is, records that have the same domain name as the zone itself)
   To see the resolved absolute domain name, see `Record.status.effective_fqdn`
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) :

   DNS record status, including e.g. its effective FQDN (fully-qualified domain name)
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   DNS record status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `ttl` (Number) Record TTL. If absent or negative, will be assumed to be the default value (`600`)
- `type` (String) :

   Record type
   
   #### Supported values
   
   DNS Record type
   Possible values:
   
   - `RECORD_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` - Record type is not specified
   - `A` - `A` record: IPv4 address
   - `AAAA` - `AAAA` record: IPv6 address
   - `PTR` - `PTR` record: mapping from IP address to a domain name
   - `CNAME` - `CNAME` record: an alias for a *canonical domain name*
   - `MX` - `MX` record: mail server information (domain name, priority)
   - `TXT` - `TXT` record: text data, typically used to verify e-mail addresses, websites and TLS certificates
   - `SRV` - `SRV` record: information about a network service (domain name, port, weight)
   - `NS` - `NS` record: domain name of an authoritative nameserver for this DNS zone, or one of its subzones
   - `SOA` - `SOA` record: administrative information about this DNS zone
   - `CAA` - `CAA` record: certificate issuance settings for this DNS zone and its subzones
   - `SVCB` - `SVCB` record: service binding. See [RFC 9460, section 2.3](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9460.html#section-2.3)
   - `HTTPS`:
      `HTTPS` record: service binding with HTTPS protocol configuration.
      See [RFC 9460, section 9.1](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9460.html#section-9.1)
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `effective_fqdn` (String) Fully-qualified domain name of this record including `.` at the end, e.g. `www.example.com.`
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Indicates whether there is a running Operation for this Record
- `zone_domain_name` (String) Domain name of this record's parent zone including `.` at the end, e.g. `example.com.`
