---
page_title: "nebius_dns_v1_zone Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
  
  API Resource: DNS zone, a container for DNS data
  Each DNS zone starts at a particular domain within the hierarchical DNS namespace tree,
  e.g., example.com., and can also include its subdomains,
  e.g., sales.example.com. DNS Zones contain Resource Records (RRs), which are individual information entries about the domain(s),
  e.g., a domain's IP address
  See the graphical explanation of DNS zones and Resource Records on
  Wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_Name_System#/media/File:Domain_name_space.svg
  A Resource Record is represented in this API by the Record API Resource which is managed by the RecordService
---

# nebius_dns_v1_zone Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```


API Resource: *DNS zone*, a container for DNS data

Each DNS zone starts at a particular domain within the hierarchical DNS namespace tree,
e.g., `example.com.`, and can also include its subdomains,
e.g., `sales.example.com.` DNS Zones contain *Resource Records* (RRs), which are individual information entries about the domain(s),
e.g., a domain's IP address
See the [graphical explanation of DNS zones and Resource Records on
Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_Name_System#/media/File:Domain_name_space.svg)

A Resource Record is represented in this API by the `Record` API Resource which is managed by the `RecordService`



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `domain_name` (String) :

   Fully qualified domain name of this zone, including `.` at the end
   Cannot be changed after creating the zone
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   DNS zone metadata
   `metadata.parent_id` must be an IAM Container ID
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `soa_spec` (Attributes) :

   Custom SOA (Start of Authority) record specification for the zone
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Custom SOA (Start of Authority) record specification for the zone (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--soa_spec))
- `status` (Attributes) :

   DNS zone status, including e.g. the number of records in the zone
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   DNS zone status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `vpc` (Attributes) :

   A VPC zone, which is only visible from a virtual network (VPC)
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   VPC zone scope specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--soa_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `soa_spec`

Read-Only:

- `negative_ttl` (Number) :

   Specifies TTL, in seconds, for caching `NXDOMAIN` ("record not found") DNS responses from this zone (*negative caching*)
   Set this TTL to a low value if you frequently delete and recreate records instead of updating them
   *Note:* Values of less than `5` will be ignored, and a default negative caching TTL will be used instead


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `reconciling` (Boolean) Indicates whether there is a running Operation for this Zone
- `record_count` (Number) Number of records in this zone. May be 0 if not calculated (e.g., in listings)


<a id="nestedatt--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc`

Read-Only:

- `primary_network_id` (String) :

   ID of the virtual network that this zone's records will be visible from
   This value cannot be changed after creating the zone
