---
page_title: "nebius_iam_v1_federated_credentials Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
---

# nebius_iam_v1_federated_credentials Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `federated_subject_id` (String) Federated subject ID.For oidc_provider subject will be calculated based on the “sub” claim of the JWT federation token.
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `oidc_provider` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oidc_provider))
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `subject_id` (String) IAM subject, in which federated subject will be impersonated to. E.g. for workload identities it will be IAM service account.
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--oidc_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_provider`

Read-Only:

- `issuer_url` (String) :

   It's not required provider OIDC issuer should be real OIDC provider, but should expose OIDC configuration
   with "/.well-known/openid-configuration" endpoint. Configuration should contains the "jwks_uri" endpoint
   where the JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) can be found; this set contains public keys used to verify
   JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) issued by an identity provider.
   
   Limitations for external OIDC providers:
   - token service limits the number of handled keys by 50. If your JWKS return more than 50,
   the only first 50 will be used for signature verifying.
   - response size for jwks_uri and "/.well-known/openid-configuration limited by 100KB.
- `jwk_set_json` (String) :

   Literally json, which represents JWKS with public keys for JWT verification.
   It worth mentioned that in a case of adding/rotating keys the jwk_set_json also should be updated here.
   Besides, the "issuer" parameter should be set even if the JWKS will be resolved locally.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
