---
page_title: "nebius_msp_mlflow_v1alpha1_cluster Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
---

# nebius_msp_mlflow_v1alpha1_cluster Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `admin_username` (String) MLflow admin username.
- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `description` (String) Description of the cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `network_id` (String) ID of the vpc network.
- `public_access` (Boolean) Either make cluster public accessible or accessible only via private VPC.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `service_account_id` (String) Id of the service account that will be used to access S3 bucket (and create one if not provided).
- `size` (String) :

   Size defines how much resources will be allocated to mlflow
   See supported sizes in the documentation. Default size is the smallest available in the region.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `storage_bucket_name` (String) Name of the Nebius S3 bucket for MLflow artifacts. If not provided, will be created under the same parent.
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `effective_storage_bucket_name` (String) Name of the Nebius S3 bucket for MLflow artifacts.
- `experiments_count` (Number) Count of experiments in the MLflow cluster
- `mlflow_version` (String) MLflow version
- `phase` (String) :

   Current phase of the cluster.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `PHASE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `PHASE_PROVISIONING`
   - `PHASE_RUNNING`
   - `PHASE_UPDATING`
   - `PHASE_DELETING`
   - `PHASE_DELETED`[deprecated]
   - `PHASE_PURGING`
   - `PHASE_STOPPING`
   - `PHASE_RESUMING`
- `state` (String) :

   State reflects substatus of the phase to define whether it's healthy or not.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `STATE_IN_PROGRESS`
   - `STATE_FINISHED`
   - `STATE_ERROR`
   - `STATE_DEGRADED`
   - `STATE_SCHEDULED`
- `tracking_endpoint` (String) :

   Tracking endpoint url.
   Will be removed soon in favor of private_tracking_endpoint and public_tracking_endpoint.
- `tracking_endpoints` (Attributes) Public and private tracking endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--tracking_endpoints))

<a id="nestedatt--status--tracking_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.tracking_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `private` (String) Private endpoint
- `public` (String) Public endpoint
