---
page_title: "nebius_mysterybox_v1_secret Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
---

# nebius_mysterybox_v1_secret Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `description` (String) Description of the secret.
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `primary_version_id` (String) Specifies the primary version of the secret to update its payload. This parameter should only be provided during update operations.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) The status of the secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `deleted_at` (String) :

   Time when user called soft delete method
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `effective_kms_key_id` (String)
- `purge_at` (String) :

   Time when key should be totally deleted from DB
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `state` (String) :

   State (ACTIVE, SCHEDULED_FOR_DELETION)
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `ACTIVE` - Resource is active, ready for use
   - `SCHEDULED_FOR_DELETION` - Resource was marked as soft deleted
