---
page_title: "nebius_tunnel_v1_tunnel Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by only ID.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Tunnel represents a secure tunnel connection for applications.
  It enables connectivity between applications and external services within a parent.
---

# nebius_tunnel_v1_tunnel Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by only ID.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```


Tunnel represents a secure tunnel connection for applications.
It enables connectivity between applications and external services within a parent.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `description` (String) Arbitrary description of the tunnel provided by the user.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   Resource metadata containing identification and hierarchy information.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) :

   Current status of the tunnel.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   TunnelStatus represents the current state of the tunnel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `title` (String) Human-readable display name for the tunnel.
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) :

   Current lifecycle state of the tunnel.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   State represents the lifecycle state of the tunnel.
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED` - Default unspecified state.
   - `CREATED` - The tunnel has been created and is active.
   - `DELETED` - The tunnel has been deleted.
