---
page_title: "nebius_vpc_v1_pool Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
---

# nebius_vpc_v1_pool Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `cidrs` (Attributes List) :

   CIDR blocks defined by the pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cidrs))
- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   Metadata associated with the Pool.
   `metadata.parent_id` represents the Project.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `source_pool_id` (String) :

   ID of the source pool.
   CIDR blocks of a pool must be within the range defined by its source pool.
- `status` (Attributes) Status information for the Pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `version` (String) :

   IP version of the pool.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `IP_VERSION_UNSPECIFIED` - Default, unspecified IP version.
   - `IPV4` - IPv4 address.
   - `IPV6` - IPv6 address.
- `visibility` (String) :

   Configures whether the pool is private or public.
   Only public pools IP addresses are routable in the Internet.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `IP_VISIBILITY_UNSPECIFIED` - Default, unspecified IP visibility.
   - `PRIVATE` - Private address.
   - `PUBLIC` - Public address.

<a id="nestedatt--cidrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cidrs`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) :

   A CIDR block (e.g., "10.1.2.0/24") or a prefix length (e.g., "/24").
   If prefix length is specified, the CIDR block will be auto-allocated from
   the available space in the parent pool.
- `max_mask_length` (Number) :

   Maximum mask length for this pool child pools and allocations.
   Default max_mask_length is 32 for IPv4.
- `state` (String) :

   Controls provisioning of IP addresses from the CIDR block to other pools
   or allocations. Defaults to AVAILABLE.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Controls provisioning of IP addresses from this pool to other pools
   or allocations. Defaults to AVAILABLE.
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` - Not used, mandated by the protocol.
   - `AVAILABLE` - Default state. Provision of the IP addresses from this CIDR block is allowed.
   - `DISABLED` - Provision of the IP addresses from this CIDR block is denied.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `assignment` (Attributes) Assignment details for this Pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--assignment))
- `cidrs` (List of String) CIDR blocks.
- `scope_id` (String) Scope is the unique identifier for single pool tree.
- `state` (String) :

   Current state of the Pool.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible states of the Pool.
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` - Default, unspecified state.
   - `CREATING` - Pool is being created.
   - `READY` - Pool is ready for use.
   - `DELETING` - Pool is being deleted.

<a id="nestedatt--status--assignment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.assignment`

Read-Only:

- `networks` (List of String) IDs of Networks to which the Pool is assigned.
- `subnets` (List of String) IDs of Subnets to which the Pool is assigned.
