---
page_title: "nebius_vpc_v1alpha1_subnet Data Source - nebius"
description: |-
  Retrieving the Data Source
  This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.
  Retrieve by ID
  To retrieve by ID, fill in only the id field:
  
  data ... {
      id = "your-ID"
  }
  
  Retrieve by Name
  To retrieve by name, fill in only the name and parent_id fields:
  
  data ... {
      name      = "your name"
      parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
  }
  
  Defines a Subnet, a segment of a network used for more granular control and management.
  Subnet uses pools to organize address space.
---

# nebius_vpc_v1alpha1_subnet Data Source

#### Retrieving the Data Source

This data source can be retrieved by one of ID or name.

##### Retrieve by ID

To retrieve by ID, fill in only the `id` field:

```hcl
data ... {
    id = "your-ID"
}
```

##### Retrieve by Name

To retrieve by name, fill in only the `name` and `parent_id` fields:

```hcl
data ... {
    name      = "your name"
    parent_id = "data-source-parent-id"
}
```


Defines a Subnet, a segment of a network used for more granular control and management.
Subnet uses pools to organize address space.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `enable_egress_nat` (Boolean) Enable egress NAT gateway
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   Metadata for the subnet resource.
   `metadata.parent_id` represents IAM container
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `network_id` (String) Network ID.
- `pools` (Attributes List) Pool for addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pools))
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) Status of the subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pools`

Read-Only:

- `pool_id` (String) *Cannot be set alongside spec.*
- `spec` (Attributes) *Cannot be set alongside pool_id.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pools--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--pools--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pools.spec`

Read-Only:

- `cidrs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pools--spec--cidrs))
- `version` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `IP_VERSION_UNSPECIFIED` - Default, unspecified IP version.
   - `IPV4` - IPv4 address.
   - `IPV6` - IPv6 address.

<a id="nestedatt--pools--spec--cidrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pools.spec.cidrs`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_mask` (Number) Maximum mask length for allocation from this cidr
- `cidr` (String) :

   CIDR block.
   May be a prefix length (such as /24) or a CIDR-formatted string (such as 10.1.2.0/24).
- `state` (String) :

   State of the Cidr.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` - Default, unspecified state.
   - `AVAILABLE` - Allocation from range is available.
   - `DISABLED` - New allocation would not be created.




<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4_cidrs` (List of String) CIDR blocks.
- `state` (String) :

   Current state of the subnet.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Enumeration of possible states of the subnet.
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` - Default state, unspecified.
   - `CREATING` - Subnet is being created.
   - `READY` - Subnet is ready for use.
   - `DELETING` - Subnet is being deleted.
