---
page_title: "nebius_applications_v1alpha1_k8s_release Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_applications_v1alpha1_k8s_release Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_name` (String)
- `cluster_id` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.
- `product_slug` (String)

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `sensitive` (Attributes, Sensitive) This object mirrors the structure of the resource, providing view on the resource's [write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral/write-only) fields. It is a preferred way to define such fields as they are not stored in the state file. To use any field in write-only mode, do not set it in the main resource, instead set it in the `sensitive` object. Setting the field in the main resource will overwrite the field in the `sensitive` object at merging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sensitive))
- `set` (Map of String, Sensitive)
- `values` (String, Sensitive)

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--sensitive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sensitive`

Optional:

- `set` (Map of String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments))
- `values` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments))
- `version` (String) The version of the write-only fields combined. You can use a hash here, some number, or a version of the secret from which you pull the value, or you can concatenate all of that together. This field is not sent to the server, but it is stored in the state, so don't store raw secrets here. Changing this field will trigger an update of the resource even if no other fields are changed. Use of this field is not required, but if you do not use it, changes in write-only fields will not trigger updates of the resource by themselves and therefore might not be reflected.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `error_message` (String)
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `CREATED`
   - `RUNNING`
   - `DEPLOYED`
   - `FAILED`
   - `INSTALLING`
