---
page_title: "nebius_capacity_v1_capacity_allowance Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  Resource that restricts Capacity Block Group quota by project.
---

# nebius_capacity_v1_capacity_allowance Resource

Resource that restricts Capacity Block Group quota by project.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capacity_block_group_id` (String) Capacity Block Group NID.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the resource.
- `limit` (Number) :

   Total amount of resources allocated.
   Optional is used to define an unlimited Capacity Allowance.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   Standard metadata. parent_id is the User's Project NID.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) :

   Current status of the Capacity Allowance.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Capacity Allowance status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `reconciling` (Boolean) Shows that changes are in flight.
- `state` (String) :

   Current state of the capacity allowance.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `STATE_PROVISIONING` - Capacity Allowance is being allocated; the process can take up to several minutes.
   - `STATE_ACTIVE` - Capacity Allowance is allocated and can be used.
   - `STATE_CONTAINER_DELETED` - The container of the Capacity Allowance is deleted. Capacity Allowance cannot be changed.
- `unit` (String) :

   Capacity Allowance unit.
   Example: "GPU".
- `usage` (Number) Current capacity allowance usage.
- `usage_percentage` (String) Capacity allowance usage percentage.
- `usage_state` (String) :

   Current state of the capacity allowance usage.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `USAGE_STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `USAGE_STATE_USED` - Capacity allowance is actively in use.
   - `USAGE_STATE_NOT_USED` - Capacity allowance is not currently in use.
   - `USAGE_STATE_UNKNOWN`:
      Capacity allowance region is unreachable, the current usage is therefore unknown.
      Please, retry the request later.
