---
page_title: "nebius_compute_v1_filesystem Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_compute_v1_filesystem Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.
- `type` (String) :

   The Shared Filesystem type determines its limits and performance characteristics.
   For details, see https://docs.nebius.com/compute/storage/types#filesystems-types
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `NETWORK_SSD` - the list of available types will be clarified later, it is not final version
   - `NETWORK_HDD`
   - `WEKA`
   - `VAST`

### Optional

- `block_size_bytes` (Number) :

   Block size in bytes.
   The block size must be a power of two between 4096 bytes (4 KiB) and 131072 bytes (128 KiB).
   The default value is 4096 bytes (4 KiB).
- `forbid_deletion` (Boolean) Prevents deletion whilst set
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `size_bytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_kibibytes, size_mebibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `size_gibibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_kibibytes or size_mebibytes.*
- `size_kibibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_mebibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `size_mebibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_kibibytes or size_gibibytes.*

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `block_size_bytes` (Number)
- `read_only_attachments` (List of String)
- `read_write_attachments` (List of String)
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Indicates whether there is an ongoing operation
- `size_bytes` (Number)
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `CREATING`
   - `READY`
   - `UPDATING`
   - `DELETING`
   - `ERROR`
- `state_description` (String)
