---
page_title: "nebius_compute_v1_nvl_instance_group Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  Represents an NVLink InstanceGroup.
---

# nebius_compute_v1_nvl_instance_group Resource

Represents an NVLink InstanceGroup.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.
- `size` (Number) Maximum number of instances in the NVLink InstanceGroup

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `type` (String) :

   Type of the NVLink InstanceGroup (corresponds to the Compute platform)
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Type of the NVLink InstanceGroup.
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `GB200`
   - `GB300`

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `instances` (Attributes Map) Instances that are associated with this NVLink InstanceGroup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--instances))
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Indicates whether there is an ongoing operation with any VM in the InstanceGroup

<a id="nestedatt--status--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.instances`

Read-Only:

- `instance_state` (String) :

   Current state of the instance.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `CREATING`
   - `UPDATING`
   - `STARTING`
   - `RUNNING`
   - `STOPPING`
   - `STOPPED`
   - `DELETING`
   - `ERROR`
