---
page_title: "nebius_iam_v1_federation Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_iam_v1_federation Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean, Deprecated) Specifies if the federation in active state
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   Federation resource metadata.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `saml_settings` (Attributes) SAML federation settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_settings))
- `user_account_auto_creation` (Boolean) :

   If false, users with access to the federation cannot sign in automatically
   and user accounts for them must be pre-created by a federation administrator.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSﾂｱHH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) Federation resource status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSﾂｱHH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--saml_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_settings`

Optional:

- `force_authn` (Boolean) if "true", the identity provider MUST authenticate the presenter directly rather than rely on a previous security context.
- `idp_issuer` (String) The unique identifier of the SAML Identity Provider. It usually matches the entityID from the IdP metadata.
- `sso_url` (String) Identity Provider窶冱 Single Sign-On endpoint. This is the URL where the user is redirected to start SAML login.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `certificates_count` (Number) Number of certificates attached to the SAML federation for verifying SAML responses.
- `state` (String) :

   Federation state.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `ACTIVE`
   - `INACTIVE`
- `users_count` (Number) Number of users registered in the IAM federation. This value may differ from the number of users in the identity provider.
