---
page_title: "nebius_kms_v1_symmetric_key Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  A symmetric KMS key.
---

# nebius_kms_v1_symmetric_key Resource

A symmetric KMS key.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `algorithm` (String) :

   Encryption algorithm that should be used when using the key to encrypt plaintext.
   Must be specified only during create operations. Cannot be updated.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Supported symmetric encryption algorithms.
   Possible values:
   
   - `SYMMETRIC_ALGORITHM_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `AES_128`:
      Deprecated. It is impossible to create new keys with this algorithm.
      AES algorithm with 128-bit keys.
   
   - `AES_256` - AES algorithm with 256-bit keys.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the key.
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `rotation_period` (String) :

   Key rotation period.
   
   Duration as a string: possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as `300ms`, `-1.5h` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`, `d`.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) The current status of the symmetric key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `deleted_at` (String) :

   Time when the key was scheduled for deletion.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `purge_at` (String) :

   Time when the key will be permanently deleted.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `state` (String) :

   State (ACTIVE, SCHEDULED_FOR_DELETION).
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Key state
   Possible values:
   
   - `KEY_STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `ACTIVE` - Key is active, ready for use
   - `SCHEDULED_FOR_DELETION` - Key is scheduled for deletion.
