---
page_title: "nebius_mk8s_v1alpha1_node_group Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  NodeGroup represents Kubernetes node pool
---

# nebius_mk8s_v1alpha1_node_group Resource

NodeGroup represents Kubernetes node pool



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.
- `template` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template))

### Optional

- `auto_repair` (Attributes) Parameters for nodes auto repair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_repair))
- `autoscaling` (Attributes) *Cannot be set alongside fixed_node_count.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling))
- `fixed_node_count` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside autoscaling.*
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata.
   
   the parent_id is an ID of Cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `strategy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategy))
- `version` (String) :

   Version is desired Kubernetes version of the cluster. For now only acceptable format is
   `MAJOR.MINOR` like "1.31". Option for patch version update will be added later.
   By default the cluster control plane MAJOR.MINOR version will be used.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--resources))

Optional:

- `boot_disk` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--boot_disk))
- `cloud_init_user_data` (String, Sensitive) cloud-init user-data. Must contain at least one SSH key.
- `filesystems` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--filesystems))
- `gpu_cluster` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--gpu_cluster))
- `gpu_settings` (Attributes) :

   GPU-related settings.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   GPU-related settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--gpu_settings))
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--metadata))
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--network_interfaces))
- `os` (String) :

   OS version that will be used to create the boot disk of Compute Instances in the NodeGroup.
   Supported platform / k8s version /  OS / driver presets combinations
   - gpu-l40s-a, gpu-l40s-d, gpu-h100-sxm, gpu-h200-sxm, cpu-e1, cpu-e2, cpu-d3:
     - drivers_preset: ""
       - k8s: 1.30 → "ubuntu22.04"
       - k8s: 1.31 → "ubuntu22.04" (default), "ubuntu24.04"
   - gpu-l40s-a, gpu-l40s-d, gpu-h100-sxm, gpu-h200-sxm:
     - drivers_preset: "cuda12" (CUDA 12.4)
       - k8s: 1.30, 1.31 → "ubuntu22.04"
     - drivers_preset: "cuda12.4"
       - k8s: 1.31 → "ubuntu22.04"
     - drivers_preset: "cuda12.8"
       - k8s: 1.31 → "ubuntu24.04"
   - gpu-b200-sxm:
     - drivers_preset: ""
       - k8s: 1.30, 1.31 → "ubuntu24.04"
     - drivers_preset: "cuda12" (CUDA 12.8)
       - k8s: 1.30, 1.31 → "ubuntu24.04"
     - drivers_preset: "cuda12.8"
       - k8s: 1.31 → "ubuntu24.04"
   - gpu-b200-sxm-a:
     - drivers_preset: ""
       - k8s: 1.31 → "ubuntu24.04"
     - drivers_preset: "cuda12.8"
       - k8s: 1.31 → "ubuntu24.04"
- `preemptible` (Attributes) :

   Configures whether the nodes in the group are preemptible.
   Set to empty value to enable preemptible nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--preemptible))
- `service_account_id` (String) :

   the Nebius service account whose credentials will be available on the nodes of the group. With these credentials, it is possible to
   make `nebius` CLI or public API requests from the nodes without the need for extra authentication. This service account is also used to
   make requests to container registry.
   
   `resource.serviceaccount.issueAccessToken` permission is required to use this field.
- `taints` (Attributes List) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--taints))

<a id="nestedatt--template--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.resources`

Required:

- `platform` (String)

Optional:

- `preset` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--template--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.boot_disk`

Optional:

- `block_size_bytes` (Number)
- `size_bytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_kibibytes, size_mebibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `size_gibibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_kibibytes or size_mebibytes.*
- `size_kibibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_mebibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `size_mebibytes` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside size_bytes, size_kibibytes or size_gibibytes.*
- `type` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `NETWORK_SSD` - the list of available types will be clarified later, it is not final version
   - `NETWORK_HDD`
   - `NETWORK_SSD_IO_M3`
   - `NETWORK_SSD_NON_REPLICATED`


<a id="nestedatt--template--filesystems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.filesystems`

Required:

- `attach_mode` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED`
   - `READ_ONLY`
   - `READ_WRITE`
- `device_name` (String)

Optional:

- `existing_filesystem` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--filesystems--existing_filesystem))

<a id="nestedatt--template--filesystems--existing_filesystem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.filesystems.existing_filesystem`

Required:

- `id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--template--gpu_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.gpu_cluster`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--template--gpu_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.gpu_settings`

Required:

- `drivers_preset` (String) :

   Identifier of the predefined set of drivers included in the ComputeImage deployed on ComputeInstances that are part of the NodeGroup.
   Supported presets for different platform / k8s version combinations:
   - gpu-l40s-a, gpu-l40s-d, gpu-h100-sxm, gpu-h200-sxm:
     - k8s: 1.30 → "cuda12" (CUDA 12.4)
     - k8s: 1.31 → "cuda12" (CUDA 12.4), "cuda12.4", "cuda12.8"
   - gpu-b200-sxm:
     - k8s: 1.31 → "cuda12" (CUDA 12.8), "cuda12.8"
   - gpu-b200-sxm-a:
     - k8s: 1.31 → "cuda12.8"


<a id="nestedatt--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.metadata`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels will be propagated into nodes metadata.
   System labels containing "kubernetes.io" and "k8s.io" will not be propagated.
   On update labels they will not be updated in nodes right away, only on node group update.


<a id="nestedatt--template--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.network_interfaces`

Optional:

- `public_ip_address` (Attributes) :

   Public IPv4 address associated with the interface.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Describes a public IP address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template--network_interfaces--public_ip_address))
- `subnet_id` (String) :

   Subnet ID that will be attached to a node cloud instance network interface.
   By default control plane subnet_id used.
   Subnet should be located in the same network with control plane and have same parent ID as cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--template--network_interfaces--public_ip_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.network_interfaces.public_ip_address`



<a id="nestedatt--template--preemptible"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.preemptible`


<a id="nestedatt--template--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `EFFECT_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `NO_EXECUTE`
   - `NO_SCHEDULE`
   - `PREFER_NO_SCHEDULE`
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--auto_repair"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_repair`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Conditions that determine whether a node should be auto repaired. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_repair--conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_repair--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_repair.conditions`

Required:

- `type` (String) Node condition type.

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) :

   When true, disables the default auto-repair condition rules.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside timeout.*
- `status` (String) :

   Node condition status.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `CONDITION_STATUS_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `TRUE`
   - `FALSE`
   - `UNKNOWN`
- `timeout` (String) :

   The duration after which the node is automatically repaired if the condition remains in the specified status.
   
   Duration as a string: possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as `300ms`, `-1.5h` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`, `d`.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside disabled.*



<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling`

Optional:

- `max_node_count` (Number)
- `min_node_count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategy`

Optional:

- `drain_timeout` (String) :

   DrainTimeout is the total amount of time that the service will spend on draining a node.
   By default, node can be drained without any time limitations.
   NOTE: NodeDrainTimeout is different from `kubectl drain --timeout`
   
   Duration as a string: possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as `300ms`, `-1.5h` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`, `d`.
- `max_surge` (Attributes) :

   The maximum number of machines that can be scheduled above the
   desired number of machines.
   Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of
   desired machines (ex: 10%).
   This can not be 0 if MaxUnavailable is 0.
   Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding up.
   Defaults to 1.
   Example: when this is set to 30%, the new MachineSet can be scaled
   up immediately when the rolling update starts, such that the total
   number of old and new machines do not exceed 130% of desired
   machines. Once old machines have been killed, new MachineSet can
   be scaled up further, ensuring that total number of machines running
   at any time during the update is at most 130% of desired machines. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategy--max_surge))
- `max_unavailable` (Attributes) :

   The maximum number of machines that can be unavailable during the update.
   Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desired
   machines (ex: 10%).
   Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding down.
   This can not be 0 if MaxSurge is 0.
   Defaults to 0.
   Example: when this is set to 30%, the old MachineSet can be scaled
   down to 70% of desired machines immediately when the rolling update
   starts. Once new machines are ready, old MachineSet can be scaled
   down further, followed by scaling up the new MachineSet, ensuring
   that the total number of machines available at all times
   during the update is at least 70% of desired machines. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategy--max_unavailable))

<a id="nestedatt--strategy--max_surge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategy.max_surge`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside percent.*
- `percent` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside count.*


<a id="nestedatt--strategy--max_unavailable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategy.max_unavailable`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside percent.*
- `percent` (Number) *Cannot be set alongside count.*



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `node_count` (Number) :

   Total number of nodes that are currently in the node group.
   Both ready and not ready nodes are counted.
- `outdated_node_count` (Number) :

   Total number of nodes that has outdated node configuration.
   These nodes will be replaced by new nodes with up-to-date configuration.
- `ready_node_count` (Number) :

   Total number of nodes that successfully joined the cluster and are ready to serve workloads.
   Both outdated and up-to-date nodes are counted.
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Show that changes are in flight
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `PROVISIONING`
   - `RUNNING`
   - `DELETING`
- `target_node_count` (Number) :

   Desired total number of nodes that should be in the node group.
   It is either fixed_node_count or arbitrary number between min_node_count and max_node_count decided by autoscaler.
- `version` (String) Version have format `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH-nebius-node.n` like "1.30.0-nebius-node.10".
