---
page_title: "nebius_mk8s_v1_cluster Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_mk8s_v1_cluster Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane))
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `kube_network` (Attributes) Defines kubernetes network configuration, like IP allocation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kube_network))
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane`

Required:

- `subnet_id` (String) :

   Nebius VPC Subnet ID where control plane instances will be located.
   Also will be default NodeGroup subnet.

Optional:

- `audit_logs` (Attributes) :

   Specify configuration of the pushing k8s audit logs into service logs and show it in the UI.
   By default cluster will be created without it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane--audit_logs))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) Specification of endpoints of cluster control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane--endpoints))
- `etcd_cluster_size` (Number) :

   Number of instances in etcd cluster.
   3 by default.
   Control plane with `etcd_cluster_size: 3` called "Highly Available" ("HA"), because it's Kubernetes API
   will be available despite a failure of one control plane instance.
- `karpenter` (Attributes) :

   Enables installation of the Karpenter inside a cluster.
   Karpenter will be installed as a helm chart inside cluster
   so it requires creation of at least one CPU public node group.
   
   Please note that there is no feature parity between Karpenter node pools and
   public node groups.
   By default cluster will be created without it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane--karpenter))
- `version` (String) :

   Desired Kubernetes version of the cluster. For now only acceptable format is
   `<major>.<minor>` like "1.31". Option for patch version update will be added later.

<a id="nestedatt--control_plane--audit_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane.audit_logs`


<a id="nestedatt--control_plane--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane.endpoints`

Optional:

- `public_endpoint` (Attributes) Public endpoint specification. When set, a public endpoint is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane--endpoints--public_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--control_plane--endpoints--public_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane.endpoints.public_endpoint`



<a id="nestedatt--control_plane--karpenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane.karpenter`



<a id="nestedatt--kube_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kube_network`

Optional:

- `service_cidrs` (List of String) :

   CIDR blocks for Service ClusterIP allocation.
   For now, only one value is supported.
   Must be a valid CIDR block or prefix length.
   In case of prefix length, certain CIDR is auto allocated.
   Specified CIDR blocks will be reserved in Cluster.spec.control_plane.subnet_id to prevent address duplication.
   Allowed prefix length is from "/12" to "/28".
   Empty value treated as ["/16"].


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `control_plane` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--control_plane))
- `events` (Attributes List) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   A resource event that has occurred (more or less in the same way) multiple times across a service-defined aggregation interval (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--events))
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Show that changes are in flight
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `PROVISIONING`
   - `RUNNING`
   - `DELETING`

<a id="nestedatt--status--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.control_plane`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--control_plane--auth))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Endpoints of Kubernetes control plane. Kubernetes API can be accessed at `https://endpoint/`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--control_plane--endpoints))
- `etcd_cluster_size` (Number) Number of instances in etcd cluster.
- `version` (String) :

   Actual Kubernetes and configuration version.
   Version has format `<major>.<minor>.<patch>-nebius-cp.<infra_version>` like
   "1.30.0-nebius-cp.3", where `<major>.<minor>.<patch>` is Kubernetes version and `<infra_version>` is version of control plane
   infrastructure and configuration, updating of which may include bug fixes, security updates and new features of components running on
   control plane, like CCM or Cluster Autoscaler.

<a id="nestedatt--status--control_plane--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.control_plane.auth`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) PEM with the Cluster Certificate Authority, that must be used for TLS connection to Kubernetes API.


<a id="nestedatt--status--control_plane--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.control_plane.endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `private_endpoint` (String) DNS name or IP address accessible from the user VPC.
- `public_endpoint` (String) DNS name or IP address accessible from the Internet.



<a id="nestedatt--status--events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.events`

Read-Only:

- `first_occurred_at` (String) :

   Time of the first occurrence of a recurrent event
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `last_occurrence` (Attributes) :

   Last occurrence of a recurrent event
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Represents an API Resource-related event which is potentially important to the end-user. What exactly constitutes an *event* to be
   reported is service-dependent (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--events--last_occurrence))
- `occurrence_count` (Number) The number of times this event has occurred between `first_occurred_at` and `last_occurrence.occurred_at`. Must be > 0

<a id="nestedatt--status--events--last_occurrence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.events.last_occurrence`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Event code (unique within the API service), in UpperCamelCase, e.g. `"DiskAttached"`
- `level` (String) :

   Severity level for the event
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `UNSPECIFIED` - Unspecified event severity level
   - `DEBUG` - A debug event providing detailed insight. Such events are used to debug problems with specific resource(s) and process(es)
   - `INFO` - A normal event or state change. Informs what is happening with the API resource. Does not require user attention or interaction
   - `WARN`:
      Warning event. Indicates a potential or minor problem with the API resource and/or the corresponding processes. Needs user attention,
      but requires no immediate action (yet)
   
   - `ERROR` - Error event. Indicates a serious problem with the API resource and/or the corresponding processes. Requires immediate user action
- `message` (String) :

   A human-readable message describing what has happened
   (and suggested actions for the user, if this is a `WARN` or `ERROR` level event)
- `occurred_at` (String) :

   Time at which the event has occurred
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
