---
page_title: "nebius_msp_mlflow_v1alpha1_cluster Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_msp_mlflow_v1alpha1_cluster Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_username` (String) MLflow admin username.
- `network_id` (String) ID of the vpc network.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.
- `service_account_id` (String) Id of the service account that will be used to access S3 bucket (and create one if not provided).

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) MLflow admin password.
- `description` (String) Description of the cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `public_access` (Boolean) Either make cluster public accessible or accessible only via private VPC.
- `sensitive` (Attributes, Sensitive) This object mirrors the structure of the resource, providing view on the resource's [write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral/write-only) fields. It is a preferred way to define such fields as they are not stored in the state file. To use any field in write-only mode, do not set it in the main resource, instead set it in the `sensitive` object. Setting the field in the main resource will overwrite the field in the `sensitive` object at merging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sensitive))
- `size` (String) :

   Size defines how much resources will be allocated to mlflow
   See supported sizes in the documentation. Default size is the smallest available in the region.
- `storage_bucket_name` (String) Name of the Nebius S3 bucket for MLflow artifacts. If not provided, will be created under the same parent.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSôÝHH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSôÝHH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--sensitive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sensitive`

Optional:

- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) MLflow admin password.
- `version` (String) The version of the write-only fields combined. You can use a hash here, some number, or a version of the secret from which you pull the value, or you can concatenate all of that together. This field is not sent to the server, but it is stored in the state, so don't store raw secrets here. Changing this field will trigger an update of the resource even if no other fields are changed. Use of this field is not required, but if you do not use it, changes in write-only fields will not trigger updates of the resource by themselves and therefore might not be reflected.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `effective_storage_bucket_name` (String) Name of the Nebius S3 bucket for MLflow artifacts.
- `experiments_count` (Number) Count of experiments in the MLflow cluster
- `mlflow_version` (String) MLflow version
- `phase` (String) :

   Current phase of the cluster.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `PHASE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `PHASE_PROVISIONING`
   - `PHASE_RUNNING`
   - `PHASE_UPDATING`
   - `PHASE_DELETING`
   - `PHASE_DELETED`[deprecated]
   - `PHASE_PURGING`
   - `PHASE_STOPPING`
   - `PHASE_RESUMING`
- `state` (String) :

   State reflects substatus of the phase to define whether it's healthy or not.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `STATE_IN_PROGRESS`
   - `STATE_FINISHED`
   - `STATE_ERROR`
   - `STATE_DEGRADED`
   - `STATE_SCHEDULED`
- `tracking_endpoint` (String) :

   Tracking endpoint url.
   Will be removed soon in favor of private_tracking_endpoint and public_tracking_endpoint.
- `tracking_endpoints` (Attributes) Public and private tracking endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--tracking_endpoints))

<a id="nestedatt--status--tracking_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.tracking_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `private` (String) Private endpoint
- `public` (String) Public endpoint
