---
page_title: "nebius_mysterybox_v1_secret_version Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_mysterybox_v1_secret_version Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the version.
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `payload` (Attributes List) :

   Payload entries related to the version.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Represents the secret's content as key-value pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload))
- `sensitive` (Attributes, Sensitive) This object mirrors the structure of the resource, providing view on the resource's [write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral/write-only) fields. It is a preferred way to define such fields as they are not stored in the state file. To use any field in write-only mode, do not set it in the main resource, instead set it in the `sensitive` object. Setting the field in the main resource will overwrite the field in the `sensitive` object at merging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sensitive))
- `set_primary` (Boolean)

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) The status of the secret version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload`

Required:

- `key` (String, Sensitive) Non-confidential key of the payload entry.

Optional:

- `binary_value` (String, Sensitive) :

   The binary data to encrypt and store in the version of the secret.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside string_value.*
- `string_value` (String, Sensitive) :

   The text data to encrypt and store in the version of the secret.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside binary_value.*


<a id="nestedatt--sensitive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sensitive`

Optional:

- `payload` (Attributes List, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) :

   Payload entries related to the version.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Represents the secret's content as key-value pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sensitive--payload))
- `version` (String) The version of the write-only fields combined. You can use a hash here, some number, or a version of the secret from which you pull the value, or you can concatenate all of that together. This field is not sent to the server, but it is stored in the state, so don't store raw secrets here. Changing this field will trigger an update of the resource even if no other fields are changed. Use of this field is not required, but if you do not use it, changes in write-only fields will not trigger updates of the resource by themselves and therefore might not be reflected.

<a id="nestedatt--sensitive--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sensitive.payload`

Optional:

- `binary_value` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) :

   The binary data to encrypt and store in the version of the secret.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside string_value.*
- `key` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Non-confidential key of the payload entry.
- `string_value` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) :

   The text data to encrypt and store in the version of the secret.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside binary_value.*



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `deleted_at` (String) :

   Time when user called soft delete method
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `purge_at` (String) :

   Time when key should be totally deleted from DB
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `state` (String) :

   State (ACTIVE, SCHEDULED_FOR_DELETION)
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `ACTIVE` - Resource is active, ready for use
   - `SCHEDULED_FOR_DELETION` - Resource was marked as soft deleted
