---
page_title: "nebius_quotas_v1_quota_allowance Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_quotas_v1_quota_allowance Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `limit` (Number) Total amount of resources allocated.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.
- `region` (String) :

   Name of the region where the quota is allocated.
   Example: "eu-north1".

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) :

   Human-readable description of the quota.
   Example: "Total RAM across VMs".
- `service` (String) :

   Service in which the quota is allocated.
   Example: "mk8s".
- `service_description` (String) :

   Human-readable name of the service managing the quota.
   Example: "Managed Kubernetes®".
- `state` (String) :

   Current state of the quota.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `STATE_PROVISIONING` - Quota is being allocated; the process can take up to several minutes.
   - `STATE_ACTIVE` - Quota is allocated and can be used.
   - `STATE_FROZEN` - Quota is allocated but cannot be used any longer
   - `STATE_DELETED` - Quota has been removed and is no longer allocated.
- `unit` (String) :

   Quota unit.
   Example: "byte".
- `usage` (Number) Current quota usage.
- `usage_percentage` (String) :

   Current quota usage as a percentage.
   Values range from 0.0 to 1.0, representing 0% to 100%.
   Values can exceed 1.0 if usage exceeds the limit.
   Example: "0.12".
- `usage_state` (String) :

   Current state of the quota usage.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `USAGE_STATE_UNSPECIFIED`
   - `USAGE_STATE_USED` - Quota is actively in use.
   - `USAGE_STATE_NOT_USED` - Quota is not currently in use.
   - `USAGE_STATE_UNKNOWN`:
      Quota region is unreachable, the current usage is therefore unknown.
      Please, retry the request later.
   
   - `USAGE_STATE_NOT_APPLICABLE` - Quota usage is not applicable
