---
page_title: "nebius_registry_v1_registry Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_registry_v1_registry Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   This is metadata about the resource, such as its id, name, labels, etc.
   This contains fields that may be updated both by the end user and the system.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `images_count` (Number) Registry.Type type = 2;
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) This is filled in by the server and reports the current state of the system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `images_count` (Number)
- `registry_fqdn` (String) regional fqdn "cr.eu-north1.nebius.cloud"
- `state` (String) :

   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `CREATING`
   - `ACTIVE`
   - `DELETING`
   - `SUSPENDED`
