---
page_title: "nebius_vpc_v1_allocation Resource - nebius"
description: |-
  
---

# nebius_vpc_v1_allocation Resource





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent resource to which the resource belongs.

### Optional

- `ipv4_private` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Private IPv4 address configuration for the allocation.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside ipv4_public.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_private))
- `ipv4_public` (Attributes) :

   #### Inner value description
   
   Public IPv4 address configuration for the allocation.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside ipv4_private.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4_public))
- `labels` (Map of String) :

   Labels associated with the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) :

   Metadata for the Allocation.
   `metadata.parent_id` represents IAM Container.
   
   #### Inner value description
   
   Common resource metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was created.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`
- `id` (String) Identifier for the resource, unique for its resource type.
- `resource_version` (Number) :

   Version of the resource for safe concurrent modifications and consistent reads.
   Positive and monotonically increases on each resource spec change (but *not* on each change of the
   resource's container(s) or status).
   Service allows zero value or current.
- `status` (Attributes) :

   Contains the current status of the allocation, indicating its state and
   any additional details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) :

   Timestamp indicating when the resource was last updated.
   
   A string representing a timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ` or `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSS±HH:MM`

<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_private"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_private`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) :

   A single IP address (e.g 10.1.2.1), a CIDR block (e.g., "10.1.2.0/24") or
   a prefix length (e.g., "/32").
   If prefix length is specified, the CIDR block will be auto-allocated from
   the available space in the pool or subnet.
   If not specified, defaults to "/32".
- `pool_id` (String) :

   ID of the pool that allocation will receive its IP address from.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside subnet_id.*
- `subnet_id` (String) :

   ID of the subnet that allocation will be associated with.
   IP address of the allocation must be within a CIDR block associated
   with this subnet.
   In order to assign an allocation to a resource (i.e. network interface)
   both must be associated with the same subnet.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside pool_id.*


<a id="nestedatt--ipv4_public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4_public`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) :

   A single IP address (e.g. 1.2.3.4), a CIDR block (e.g., "1.2.3.4/24")
   or a prefix length (e.g., "/32").
   If prefix length is specified, the CIDR block will be auto-allocated from
   the available space in the pool or subnet.
   If not specified, defaults to "/32".
- `pool_id` (String) :

   ID of the pool that allocation will receive its IP address from.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside subnet_id.*
- `subnet_id` (String) :

   ID of the subnet that allocation will be associated with.
   IP address of the allocation must be within a CIDR block associated with
   this subnet.
   Assigning an allocation to a resource (i.e. network interface) requires
   both to be associated with the same subnet.
   
   *Cannot be set alongside pool_id.*


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `assignment` (Attributes) :

   Information about the assignment associated with the allocation,
   such as network interface or load balancer assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--assignment))
- `details` (Attributes) :

   Detailed information about the allocation status,
   including the allocated CIDR, pool ID and IP version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--details))
- `state` (String) :

   This field represents the current state of the allocation.
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Enumeration of possible states of the Allocation.
   Possible values:
   
   - `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` - Default state, unspecified.
   - `CREATING` - Allocation is being created.
   - `ALLOCATED` - Allocation is ready for use.
   - `ASSIGNED` - Allocation is used.
   - `DELETING` - Allocation is being deleted.
- `static` (Boolean) If false - Lifecycle of allocation depends on resource that using it.

<a id="nestedatt--status--assignment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.assignment`

Read-Only:

- `load_balancer` (Attributes) *Cannot be set alongside network_interface.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--assignment--load_balancer))
- `network_interface` (Attributes) *Cannot be set alongside load_balancer.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--assignment--network_interface))

<a id="nestedatt--status--assignment--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.assignment.load_balancer`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the Load Balancer.


<a id="nestedatt--status--assignment--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.assignment.network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the Compute instance network interface belongs to.
- `name` (String) Network interface name



<a id="nestedatt--status--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.details`

Read-Only:

- `allocated_cidr` (String) The actual CIDR block that has been allocated.
- `pool_id` (String) ID of the pool from which this allocation was made.
- `subnet_id` (String) :

   ID of the subnet associated with this allocation.
   Populated when created with explicit subnet_id, from a subnet-specific pool,
   or when assigned to a resource.
- `version` (String) :

   The IP version of this allocation (IPv4 or IPv6).
   
   #### Supported values
   
   Possible values:
   
   - `IP_VERSION_UNSPECIFIED` - Default, unspecified IP version.
   - `IPV4` - IPv4 address.
   - `IPV6` - IPv6 address.
